hey guys it's take them and that's all I
know y'all see that my hair is in and
guess what you'll have to stay tuned
until the one week review next saturday
or sunday for me to tell you guys what's
we going on with the hair and how it is
but this is the first look and i want
you guys to know this is a malaysian
natural wave from a frugal Easter's
haven this closure is ruined that's a
different vendor this from golden
Swisscom so as you guys have seen I've
done a review on the closure I've done a
high blend how I blend my closure video
and you can check those videos out and
I'm really just focused on the hair
right now because you've already seen
the closure this is just now it's just
on a wig so this is a full wig with the
lace closure attached to the link i did
not show anything down not even a wig
the wig is bobby pinned on i just want
to show you guys how prettiest hair is
how gorgeous it is i'm not telling you
anything but I this is the first time
I've took my arrow since ten o'clock
last night it is now five o'clock Sunday
morning and last night I had it in about
ten o'clock on Saturday night so it's
been almost 24 hour that fire are left
to make 24 hours last night I slept with
this in a ponytail this morning I took
the scarf off and left it like this okay
I did not come here or anything so this
is how the hair is straight out of the
ponytail literally so um the hair so
soft i have not literally combed it
bright or brush day all day i'm just now
figured combing it out so i haven't been
any comb to it i have you had any
products on it besides what i had on
last night um and i will describe those
products today in the next video when i
do my review what the parts i use on it
the argan oil i use and what have you
but i just want to show you guys so um
I'm not going to say much but the hair
is wavy the closures body wave and i'm
going to show you guys a 360 and the
hair does touch my butt when I
straighten it out and when it's wavy its
at the bottom of my bet
okay so that is all i'm going to show
you guys and if you liked it thumbs up
the video and you'll see the one week
review very very very soon one more week
you'll see the longer view all the specs
what's going on with it but this is just
to show you guys how pretty it is and
how good it moves so i will talk to you
guys later subscribe like and comment
especially if you want to stay tuned
please subscribe to my channel and
support me and so i can keep these
videos coming so thank you so much
having the one